I used to shower with my bedroom door
open just a crack.
For whatever dumb reason, the tiny
cramped apartment bathroom that I've had
to deal with for the last 9 years or so
loves to steam and fog up, even with the
water on warm instead of hot. And since
my crappy as hell landlord refused to
fix the ceiling mounted fan, which would
have ventilated the room, along with the
fact that it caused the ancient
off-white paint to sweat and start
developing mold patches, something which
he would have charged me to clean, I
made the decision to leave the door open
a bit to allow the steam to escape.
For almost a decade, nothing out of the
ordinary happened, and I went about my
daily life. The habit became a routine.
It was until 2 months or so ago.
See, I was alone that day.
My roommate had gone out for the day to
take part in some bowling tournament,
and I had the run of the place for the
next 4 to 6 hours as it was my day off
from work. I decided to start it off
with a hot, long, relaxing shower. So, I
grabbed a fresh set of towels from the
small closet next to my bedroom, stepped
inside, and after turning on the water
to let it warm up.
I hopped in.
I just lthered the soap up in my hair
when I heard a noise come from just
outside.
It was almost masked by the sound of the
water splashing down on the floor of the
tub, but it was out of place enough that
I caught it.
scrape.
It was similar to the sound that you'd
hear if you dragged long fingernails
down the wall.
I froze, the shampoo dripping down over
my face, making it difficult to see
anything.
The sound came again.
Great.
For a moment, the thought of someone
breaking in flashed through my mind. I
mean, after all, the neighborhood I live
in has the nickname of Methire for a
reason. But if someone had broken a
window or forced the lock, I would have
heard it. The place isn't exactly big
enough to miss those sounds.
I finally opened my mouth. Tyler,
instantly, the sound, which had begun to
repeat a third time, ceased.
The entire place had gone silent, safe
for the water.
I felt a small amount of annoyance zap
through me.
Tyler, this better not be another one of
your games, I thought as I hurriedly
washed the shampoo out of my hair. My
roommate had a habit of being a horror
junkie. In lighting and attempting to
play pranks on me, knowing that I had a
tendency to be a little jumpy without
shutting off the water, I reached out,
grabbed the towel off the rack, and
stepped out, wrapping it around my
waist. Tyler, I swear to God, if this is
another attempt to scare me, I'm going
to kick your ass. I called,
striding across the tiled floor and
yanking the door all the way open.
I looked around.
There was nobody in the living room or
the kitchen, which opened off of it.
I glanced around and then just to ease
my mind, I walked first to my bedroom,
then to Tyler's looking in.
Both were empty, and there wasn't
exactly any place for someone to quickly
hide in either.
[Music]
Okay.
Must have been hearing things.
Shrugging my shoulders, I turned and
jumped back into the shower to finish
up.
That evening, when Tyler came back home
from celebrating a win with his bowling
team, apparently having blitched the
competition, I decided to question him
as we sat in the kitchen table eating
Chinese takeout.
"Uh, hey, Ty," I asked casually,
glancing up from my chopsticks. "Yeah,"
he mumbled through a mouthful of his
food, causing me to roll my eyes at his
lack of manners.
you you didn't happen to come home
earlier today, did you?
He looked up at me, a slightly perplexed
expression on his face.
Um, no, man. I was at the alley until
3:00 and not drinking with the boys till
5. Why?
I searched his face.
The guy had a tendency to chew a little
too much when he was bullshitting. It
was a tell that I had learned a spot of
his, thanks to endless nights of playing
poker.
No reason, just um thought I'd heard
something while I was in the shower this
morning.
I looked at him, smirking slightly.
Thought you might have, you know, come
back to grab something he needed and
decided to try and pull one over on me
again. He let out a huge burp in
response, then reached forward and
grabbed his bottle of Coke, tilting it
back and taking a swig. No, man, he said
simply, using the back of his sleeve to
wipe his lips. Besides, if I'd come back
and tried to scare you, you'd have known
it. He let out a laugh, attempting to
imitate Vincent Price. After a moment of
studying him, I shared it. He was
clearly telling the truth. "Yeah,
yeah, I guess you're right, bro," I
said, dropping my chopsticks into the
empty container and hawking it over my
shoulder into the trash can. He leaned
back and using his own empty container,
Fain being a basketball player and acted
like he was making a free throw. The
container bounced off the edge, making
us both laugh. I pushed what had to be a
trick of my mind out of my head, and the
two of us spent the rest of the night
playing video games and downing beers.
The next week went by without any
strange noises, and I almost completely
forgot about the strange incident. Ty
had gone out for the evening on a date
and after binge watching all three
Creature from the Black Lagoon movies. I
flicked the television off and headed
for the shower.
Hopping in, I softly hummed the Jane
Mansfield song, Too Hot to Handle, and
lthered myself up with soap. I just got
the shampoo in my hair when I heard the
scraping sound again.
This time it was a bit louder, and I
knew it hadn't been my imagination
either.
I became still as a statue,
my head under the water and blurred
between it and the shampoo slowly being
rinsed out of its own accord.
I held my breath,
listening,
the sound came again, this time instead
of on the wall, scraped clearly came
from the door frame to the bathroom.
I felt my heart thutting hard in my
chest and my eyes widened as I saw a
shadow filter through the shower
curtain.
It was the shadow of the bathroom door
slowly
opening.
I found my voice.
Who's out there?
I called, attempting to sound as tough
and authoritative as I could. Just like
last time, the moment I spoke up, all
the movement and sound ceased, the
apartment going silent.
This time, however, the air felt
charged as if the tension in it were
palpable enough to be cut with a knife.
I reached out, wrapping my fingers
around the edge of the curtain as I
grabbed the closest thing I could find
as a weapon. Bottle of shampoo. It was
pathetic and likely wouldn't phase any
intruder, but still better than nothing.
Taking a deep breath, I wrenched the
curtain back. The sound of the hook
scraping on the metal pole, almost
sounding like a scream in the quiet.
Just like last time,
there was no sign of a soul.
The only thing that had given away
anything had changed was that the
bathroom door was indeed standing fully
open.
The darkened outline of a living room
beyond made me feel
uneasy.
I couldn't place why,
but it almost felt as if the gloom held
a threatening atmosphere.
Shutting off the water, I hopped out and
wrapped the towel around my waist.
Stepping to the doorway, I reached out
into the darkness and felt around until
my fingers found the light switch.
Instantly, the dark was banished away by
the bright light overhead.
I could see that nobody was in sight in
the living room. This time, however, I
wasn't taking any chances. Water still
dropping off of me, I stroed across the
living room to where I dropped the belt
I wore when on the job as a plumber. I
reached down and pulled a rather large
pipe wrench from it, gripping it with a
wet and admittedly slightly shaky hand.
The kitchen was clearly devoid of life,
and I focused my vision on the two
bedrooms, which laid dark. My door was
wide open, but ties was half closed. I
glanced at the hook on the wall,
noticing his car keys weren't hanging
next to mine.
He's not home, which means
[__]
I felt my muscles tense up. I seriously
didn't want to deal with some homeless
junkie who'd somehow gotten himself
inside and was searching for something
to steal or or worse waiting to attack
me in some drugfueled rage.
I forced myself to speak loudly and in
as tough of a voice as I could. Hey, I'm
warning you. If anyone's in here, I am
armed.
I didn't add the fact that it was a
wrench and not a gun. If you come out
and just leave, this will go a lot
easier.
Silence.
The only sound I could hear was a car
passing outside.
I called again. Look, I'm I'm in no mood
for this. So So come out. Get the hell
out of this place.
Still nothing.
But I felt an odd sensation.
one which caused the hairs on my arm to
stand up straight. Like it was a feeling
of being watched.
My eyes caught a flicker of movement. A
shadow seemed to draw back away from my
roommate's door. I knew right there and
then I should have called the cops, but
some dumb sense of bravado had come over
me. And I wanted to be like those tough
guys in older movies, taking care of
things themselves. Okay, this is your
final warning. I called.
After about 20 seconds of more silence,
I drew in a deep breath, raised the
wrench as high over my head as I could,
and letting out a bellowed yell that was
more Tarzan than Clint Eastwood, charged
the bedroom door as if I was
simultaneously a football linebacker and
an Olympic torch carrier, I burst into
the room, the door smashing into the
wall behind it with a sickening crunch
of plaster breaking. I shot my free arm
out and wrenched the light switch up.
The room was empty.
Ties scattered clothes, records, and
game cases they thrown about the floor
like always.
I looked around the closet.
Each of us had a small walk-in closet on
the far wall. Taking another deep breath
and still holding the wrench above my
head like a caveman's club, I stroed to
the sliding door and grabbed the handle,
yanking it open with a scream of protest
from its track.
I forced aside the clothes hanging on
the rack.
Nothing.
As I stared at the back wall, the
feeling of being stared at came again.
This time from almost directly behind
me. I swear I could actually feel
someone
something breathing down my neck.
Moving on pure instinct, I pivoted
around and swung the wrench with all the
strength I had.
At nothing.
There was nobody behind me.
The actual hell is going on here.
As I stood there feeling as though
something had been behind me and had
simply dematerialized out of existence
when I turned and swung, I heard the
sound of a key in the front door and
then the laughs of Ty and what had to be
his date as they stepped inside. "I'm
telling you, you did great at darts,
babe," Ty exclaimed. Both of them
stopped and stared at me as they reached
his bedroom door.
I know I must have looked weird standing
in his room wearing only a towel and
holding a wrench.
After a moment of silence, he spoke.
Jimmy boy, what the hell are you doing?
I blinked a few times trying to find my
voice.
Finally, I spoke. "I swear I heard
someone in here, man," I said, my voice
trailing off slightly.
I saw the two of them exchange nervous
looks.
What do you mean, dude? He asked, his
eyes looking around.
I mean, I heard the exact same sound as
last time, only this time the bathroom
door swung open. I came out. I thought I
heard someone moving around in your
room, and I came in here, I replied,
feeling confused and embarrassed. I
could tell he believed that I'd heard
something. To ease my worries, he had
his date sit in the room, and together
we swept the place, looking in every
closet under both beds.
You found no trace of anyone.
I shook my head as he prepared to go
into his room.
I don't get it, I muttered.
He patted me on the shoulder. I think
the bathroom door must just be a bit
loose on his hinges.
He said, trying to reassure me. I'll
check it out in the morning.
Go dry yourself off, you know. Uh, get
some sleep. He punched me lightly in the
arm. Hey, no more scary movies late at
night for you. Okay, you're starting to
hear things go bump in the night for
real. You let out a laugh, one which I
mirrored, but
I didn't feel.
The feeling of eyes on me had vanished,
but the apartment still held an uneasy
atmosphere.
It remained as I dried off, dressed into
a pair of pajama bottoms, and climbed
into bed.
I could hear Tai in the next room doing
exactly what I figured he'd be doing
with his date, and I rolled my eyes.
Hearing that [__] gets old after a
while. Still, I reached out, grabbed the
remote, flicked on the small TV on my
bureau to block out the noise. It took a
very long time to drift off to sleep
that night. When I did, my dreams
nightmares actually
were of a dark shadowy figure
creeping slowly towards my bathroom
door.
The sound of the shower spilling out
from it.
As it reached out to push open the door,
I snapped awake, sitting straight up in
bed with a sheen of sweat covering my
body.
For the next two weeks,
I tried as much as possible not to stay
alone in that place.
I only showered when I could hear my
roommate moving around in his room or
out in the living room. Whenever I knew
Tai was going out for any reason, I'd
either find an excuse to join him or
just go out and do something in town.
The sense of being watched. I hadn't
returned after that night, but I wasn't
taking any chances. Something about the
place just felt like it had it had
changed.
Something almost imperceptible which I
couldn't nail down, but it seemed to do
the trick as nothing weird or creepy
happened.
Then
one day, as I was sitting in a cafe
sipping coffee, my phone rang.
I pulled it out of my pocket and saw it
was my boss calling. Great. My day off,
I thought exasperated. Then I hit the
button to answer it. Yeah.
Instantly, I heard the gruff voice of
Rick, my boss, on the other end, yelling
to someone else. "No, no, no, Steven.
How many times do I have to tell you
counterclockwise?"
His voice got louder, indicating he must
have lifted the phone back to his ear.
"James, you there?" "Uh, yeah," I
replied simply. He let out a sigh.
"Look, I know it's your day off, but
we're over here at the Bannerman
property, and two of the pipes burst."
He let out a long groan of frustration.
"One of them's real bad. I'm able to get
one of them fixed, but our new employee,
his voice took an undisguised tone of
disgust. Decided to make it worse by
[__] the pipe up," he finished,
letting a moment of silence spread out
before speaking again. "So, I apologize,
but I need you to come in. You'll get
paid overtime, of course." I nodded more
to myself than anything, then let out a
side of my own. "Yeah, okay. I'll be
in."
So, let me swing by my place to pick up
my tools.
Yeah, don't forget to quickly hit the
shower before coming over,
he quickly added. You know, old
Bannerman gets pissy about anyone not
being freshly clean coming in here, he
snorted.
I'll never understand, General Forbes.
Anyway, I'll expect you to be here in 30
minutes.
And with that, he hung up before I could
say anything. Not that I could. Anyways,
at the mention of a shower, I felt my
body tense up. I knew Ty was out. His
bowling team was currently hosting a
tournament the next town over, which
would mean that I'd have to shower in
the empty apartment.
And that's something I really did not
want to do,
that I didn't have a choice.
If I just grab my tools and slipped into
my jumpsuit, I get chewed out first by
old man Bannerman and then Rick for not
following orders set down by both of
them after being contracted to repair
and replace the pipes of this huge
sprawling mansion.
Sighing, I paid for my coffee and I
drove back to the apartment. When I
opened the door, I had a momentary flash
of panic. I thought the atmosphere I'd
sensed before would return as soon as I
stepped inside. But
the apartment felt normal. the cloudy
light filtering in through the halfopen
kitchen and living room blinds. I looked
around
and shook my head. Stop being such a
baby, Jimmy. There's nothing in here.
Nothing except you. It'll be fine. Let's
take a shower and book it. Feeling
determined, I strode across to my room,
gathering my undershirt and jumpsuit.
For peace of mind, I also grabbed the
same wrench that I held that night from
the belt hanging over the arm of the
couch, and I carried it into the
bathroom with me, placing it on top of
the pile of clothes sitting on the
toilet.
For a moment, I debated on just closing
the bathroom door, but
as before, shook it away. I left it a
jar.
Ty should have fixed the hinges by now.
Anyway,
I reached into the shower and turned the
water on, waiting for it to warm up.
After I saw the steam begin to rise from
over the curtain, I stepped inside,
grabbing the bar of soap and quickly
beginning to lather myself up. I rinsed
with no problems, then grabbed the
shampoo and lthered my hair. And as I
dug my fingers into my scalp, the soap
began to drip down into my eyes,
obscuring my vision.
That's when I heard the scraping sound
again.
only this time it was much louder and
more pronounced than any time I had
heard it before.
I felt a chill run up my spine. Despite
the hot water, it came again just
outside the bathroom door. I took a deep
breath. "Tyler," I called out, thinking
the sound would stop it as it had
before.
This time, however,
it didn't.
Instead, I heard it get louder, sounding
almost as if it were being done on the
bathroom door itself. I felt my breath
catch in my throat as I saw the dark
shape of the door swing open. And then
the bathroom lights
flick off,
plunging me in the darkness.
There was still a little light
flickering in from the living room, but
everything was now shrouded in gloom.
What the [__]
My heart was thundering in my chest as I
slowly stepped back. I knew the distance
from the edge of the tub to where my
wrench lay on the toilet lid was less
than 2 ft. I could reach out and snatch
it in a heartbeat.
The scraping came again, the sound
causing my ears to begin ringing softly.
It came from inside the bathroom
somewhere and near the door. And then it
stopped entirely.
Aside from the sound of the water
running, the apartment fell silent.
Not a deadly silent, not a tensionfilled
silence, just
silent.
I stared for the longest time.
It had to be only about 15 seconds, but
what felt like 2 hours at the dim
outline of the open door, I saw nothing.
I turned to pull the curtain next to me
back.
I felt my heart stop. The dark outline
of a figure stood almost directly on the
other side of the curtain,
less than a foot from me. If it had been
any closer, it would have pressed into
the curtain itself.
It stood completely motionless,
though I could tell it was looking in my
direction from the feeling washing over
me in waves,
sending a tsunami of fear through me.
I couldn't tell whether it was a man or
a woman. The opaque curtain masked its
features. My breath came out in a ragged
gasp and I involuntarily let out a
whisper of,
"Oh, fuck."
And that's when it lunged at me. It let
out a loud scream as the curtain pressed
in against its weight, wrapping around
it, and subsequently me as I saw arms
reaching out to grab me. The momentum of
it smashing into me caused me to slip on
the shower floor, and I went flying
backwards. My head smashed into the
faucet, causing me to let out an
involuntary cry of pain and stars to
flash in my vision as I fell to the
floor of the tub.
It was still there. I could feel it on
top of me, pinning me down, but it never
let out a single noise. Something sharp
jabbed into my leg, and I let out a howl
at the explosion of pain that came from
my thigh. Another pierced my shoulder,
and I kicked out of the figure that was
inches from my face. I felt it connect
with something, but it it seemed to have
no effect. Another stab of pain came
from my shoulder at whatever it was
using, a weapon or claws jammed into the
wound that it had already made. I kept
screaming, praying one of my neighbors
might hear the commotion as I thrashed
around, trying to wedge myself into a
position where I could reach out. I
heard furious knocking coming from the
front door, but the noise sounded like
it was a mile away. Help me, I screamed
as loudly as I could, still feudally
lashing out. Just as I began to feel
woozy from the blood loss, I felt my
hand brush the edge of the toilet seat
and with it the cold metal handle of my
wrench. Grabbing it, I swung out with
all of my remaining strength, aiming for
the head of my attacker, and feeling it
connect with something. It seemed to
stumble a bit at the blow, and I used
that precious second to wrench myself
out from underneath it, tumbling over
the edge of the tub and onto the floor.
I heard it thrashing about with a shower
curtain, furiously tearing at it in an
attempt to get to me, but I was
stumbling to my feet, noting as I did
the amount of blood falling to the
floor. I struggled to the front door as
I heard it finally break free, crashing
into the bathroom floor, but still
remaining silent. I unlocked the door
and tore it open, revealing the
concerned faces of my next door
neighbor. When he saw my condition, his
face pald before I had a chance to say
anything, I yelled, "Adrenine kicking
the pain and blood loss from dropping
me. I'm being attacked. It's in there.
Pointing back towards the bathroom,
grabbing me, he pulled me into his open
apartment door, slamming it closed and
locking it. He quickly brought me a
bathrobe and bandages, attempting to
stop the bleeding as he called the
police. As he did, I could hear the
sounds of it tearing through the
apartment, doing God only knows what.
The commotion continued until I heard
the whale of sirens coming down the
road, at which point
At which point I heard my apartment fall
silent.
Few moments later, I heard the
thundering of footsteps pounding up the
stairs to the second floor, followed by
the yellow officers.
After a few moments, my neighbor and I
heard the knocking at his door. Police.
I was helped to an ambulance where I was
taken to the hospital. In addition to
splitting open my scalp on the faucet.
I've been cut up pretty bad, though. By
what the doctors couldn't tell me. They
couldn't even tell themselves. It's a
damnest thing. One told me after I'd
woken up after the surgery.
If it hadn't been for the fact that
you'd seen a person, I would have said
you were attacked by an animal. Looked
like puncture wounds from claws.
The police never found a trace of what
had attacked me. I already knew they
wouldn't. It wasn't a man who attacked
me. It hadn't even been human.
The case is still open to this day,
though. I've long since stopped getting
updates from the detectives in charge of
the case.
Tyler and I moved out of the apartment
as soon as I left the hospital. He chose
to stay at his new girlfriend's house
while I recovered.
He was under the belief that I was
attacked by an intruder, as is everyone
else. I parrot that line whenever anyone
asks about it. It's just it's easier
that way. You know, I'm trying to
explain what I know won't be believed.
And that's why I'm posting this here.
I just I feel like
there's a need to tell someone what
actually happened that day.
It's a place I know it'll be believed or
at least I at least I won't be called
nuts.
I figure simply appeared on the other
side of the curtain. I I never saw it
cross the room. I know even in the dark
I would have but even then
nothing human could possibly have been
that silent.
I also know that
someone else moved into that apartment
since though I don't know who they are.
I pray they won't ever receive a visit
from whatever that thing was. Tyler and
I are now renting a nice, relatively
cheap two-bedroom house a few miles away
from that place, and I've never felt the
sensation of being watched again. I've
I've thankfully never heard the scraping
sound return. At least not in my waking
hours.
I mean, I still hear them in my dreams,
though. I still see that shape standing
just on the other side of the curtain in
the dark.
It'll likely stay there until the day
I'm on my deathbed.
I always
I always feel tense now
when I step into the bathroom to wash
myself.
I thankfully always felt safe.
I don't shower with the door jar,
though. Not anymore. I make sure it's
firmly closed and locked before I
undress and I hop in.
Like I said, I've always felt safe in my
new place, but I'm not taking any
chances
because I don't know if it's trapped in
that apartment
or if
if it can leave whenever it wants.
Hey there, kids. It's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. It's a brand new
year which means a brand new time for
content. We're doing our best to bring
you the newest things. I know in 2024 I
had released less videos than I ever had
any year in the last 14 years. But hey,
um as things start to piece themselves
back together, so do I. So I will be
seeing you guys a bit more in this year.
I promise you. And as always, I want to
give a very big thank you to everybody
who supports me over at Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypepa.
I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as acid system,
ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Panimmonium, Caluna, Shane Smoker Deer,
Chicago Hitman, Cory Genchin, Cronut 58,
Crusader Choco, Curspox, Primark, Dakota
Best Pollson, Dante Concade, Dina
Krauss, Ellie Hutmire, Enchanted Buns,
Estamine, Gemma Holly, Hades Nephew,
Himo Jerry, Hour Minute Seconds Time,
Jay Kees, Jennis Pet, Jordan Humble,
King Crab, Mr. Marcus Blitz, Old
Penguin, Peaceful Buddha, Psychomel, Red
Shadow Cat, Remember the Sun, The Rinku
Star, Salty Surprise, Samine, Secclude,
Simba's Bloody Mojo, Sky Harbor, Smiley
the Psychotic, Sully Man, Talisu, The
Chavez Brothers. Thank you guys so much
for being here. Thank you for listening.
Thank you for watching and sweet dreams.